pkg/server: support serving compressed NAR files (#25)
flokli/nix-casync: README.md

  --to "http://localhost:9000?compression=none" $storePath
```

### Binary Cache
As of now, `nix-casync` can be used as a space-efficient binary cache.

You probably want to put some reverse proxy doing SSL in front of it, and add
some protection on the `PUT` endpoints.

The following section describes some internal behaviour of `nix-casync`, and

> how it treats Narfiles and Narinfo files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how it treats NAR files and Narinfo files.
```
It seems to be a pattern, Is that on purpose?

Author: The codebase also uses `Narfile` consistently, mostly because I didn't want to write NAR File and NAR Info File.

as a result, Nix clients might end up uploading the same `.nar` files multiple
times. [^1]

> Generally, you only want to use compression during upload if the binary cache
> is remote, and if you do, use a fast compression algorithm, such as `zstd`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the binary cache is remote, it is preferable to use compression during upload to reduce bandwidth usage. In that case, using a fast compression algorithm, such as `zstd` is also recommended.
```
Using a passive tone seems to better match the rest of the writing.
